alright hey everybody um today I'm gonna
be doing a cage setup video for my new
savannah Monitor
his name's Reptar he's still a baby I've
had him for about a week now and so I'm
still learning but yeah um here's his
here's his hot side with the hide um
right now it's about ninety eight
temperature only out on the hot side and
about 110 to 115 on top of where he's
sitting right now the basking spot um I
have his heat lamp right here and right
here is the UVB the heat lamps turned
off so you guys can see it a little
better um I have him on larger up debark
so he can't swallow it and he likes to
dig in it and stuff yeah um over here
it's the cool side there's his cool hide
he doesn't actually really ever go in it
but sometimes he likes to you it's a log
head so yeah and uh you got the fake
plant and then over here is his water
bowl Samia warms and they're usually I
usually like let him just catch him but
I was kind of away for a little bit so I
just put him in the bowl he's actually
eating a few um so yeah on the on the
cool side over here that's about 75
degrees right now 77 degrees so usually
stays around 75 and 80 um yeah he's a
real active savannah Monitor he just he
likes to hang out he's never tried to
bite me it or swip or anything he's
relatively relaxed and pretty chill yeah
just kind of crawls around he spends
most of his time on his in his hide at
night because he tends to like he
berries and like sleeps in there and so
yeah if you guys could like comment oh
here he is going on
if you guys could comment or or
something just um I'm would really like
the help if you guys have any tips or if
I'm doing anything wrong feel free to
just tell me he's just kind of looking
around right now um so yeah here's his
hide I haven't been 20 long for the time
being because he's still really little
um but I'm pretty soon I'm gonna be
building a new cage for him so I'll have
that to stay until he gets a lot bigger
and yeah thanks a lot you guys for
watching and I hope you liked the video
comment do whatever so yeah thanks a lot